Regex support of add_resource_metadata (#814)
elastic/ingest-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/elastic-agent/configuration/providers/kubernetes-provider.asciidoc

while annotations are not. These settings are useful when storing labels and annotations
that require special handling to avoid overloading the storage output. The enrichment of `node` or `namespace` metadata
can be individually disabled by setting `enabled: false`.

> Wildcards are supported in these settings by using `use_regex_include: true` in case of `include_labels` and respectively set `use_regex_exclude: true` in combination with `exclude_labels`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wildcards are supported in these settings by using `use_regex_include: true` in combination with `include_labels`, and respectively by setting `use_regex_exclude: true` in combination with `exclude_labels`.
```
